So I hope you all have watched that introduction section of this project, and then our overview about
this project, what we are actually going to do in this programming section of the school funds system.
Now, let's begin by creating a job offer today in the studio code.
I hope you all have this doll, but you let this division and visual studio code I need in your systems.
We are ready.
This cost of the installation and download five in the earlier videos.
So, yes, let's start with creating a Java project in regards to your.
Look at this project, but.
You have to create a job project by clicking on this button, select no Mentos as we are sitting on
this project.
So initially we have to select this.
No, those options.
Yes.
So this project requires a thought that it will be saved.
So I am going to create a new folder in my next stop and call it does school.
Funds.
System.
And so let's not project location.
After selecting the project location, we have no input, a job, our project name for this project.
So they will import a Java project name in the text box.
Women and men with their school funds system.
And press and.
So, head is the school fund system project in Java.
Let's not invent folders, likes the things, not Jason, which does Visual Studio Code provides by
default a live file, which is empathy and an ASIC folder, which is the main folder of this project.
All the required files will be made here only.
Yes, so it contains the Java already, and this is the main file of this project, which we are going
to run.
You'll get our output of this school funds management system.
Here we have a public class called up and inside the class that is a function public standing wine me
with arguments as string and when it throws up exception, the Aptos one exception, then it will print
out this hell of oil and for printing anything in Java.
We have the right system, but I will not bring them.
And we will see it later in this project as well.
So if they run this fight, of course, we will get the output.
Yes, so you can see that Halo one is bringing in that time.
So the court is working perfectly fine.
Let's start by making our files required in this project.
So the first file we are going to create is in the ASIC folder and we will name it as.
Mean, not Java.
So here you can see that I am creating a file called Mean Dark Java.
So you can see that our members are, well, fine is already created here we have I mean, as you can
see, we have already I glass after creating the main file in SIRC folder.
Java is all about glass as an object.
So yes, you can see that we have already have glass.
Now we will import that dependencies and the liability required in this package.
Basically, we are going to attach all the packages required in this project.
So I am going to import.
Java analyst.
I I will not tell you about the webserver, at least this let me first import this.
So, yes, we have important.
Yeah, you did.
Adam is currently it is great as we haven't used in the whole.
But later, when they will use this, it will become colourful.
Now let me tell you about what Java and this is.
You think is a package for our far right and our goods and animals is a property of Java, which gives
us a very sizeable eddy.
And this list is found in Java.
You do Typekit, as you can see that I am writing it like Java that you think that Adam is so inside
there that Java that you can package, we will get that in this function.
So yes, our list is a sizable ADI, which we will use later in this project for adding features to
them, to the AL.
And it was be desirable.
It will help us to increase the number of features that students in later without having any conflicts.
The next package we are going to import is our list.
So let me important as black importers, why don't you then package itself not list?
Yes.
So we have successfully imported list and analyst for our project in Java.
List is the facility to maintain order the collection.
It contains index based methods to insert, update, delete and search the elements.
So we will use less than that and list properties of Java in this project.
Now let's begin with the.
Class and we will create our function.
Public static.
I mean, we are.
Main function containing arguments as string.
Square places and.
And so, yes, the parameter is fast as strong arguments.
Inside the main function, we will initialize the.
So inside the main function, we will be learning new methods later.
But let us first create a student class, teacher class and a school.
Does this mean that Java will be responsible for running the program successfully?
So let me create a new file in the SLC folder as well.
I namely does students know Java.
So here it is.
We have a class called student, and this class will contain all the information about the student I.D.,
its roll number, or whatever information like the fees paid.
What is the fees paid?
What is the fees left to be paid by the student and similar kind of things?
So let's begin this with starting this student part of this program.
So let's start.
Private, which is the access specified in Java.
There are three access specifies in Java public, private and protected, and they have their own rules
for the variables like if they declare a variable as private label.
This variable will be not.
It would not be accessible with any other class.
But if it is private or public, it will be accessible by the other classes of the program.
And the protected is similar as private, it is protected from the other classes that they can cannot
access that variable in the program without permission.
So let's start with giving up these are I.D. object inside this class to be similarly private.
Screen name.
And similarly, for the other three variables, which we are going to use grade fees, speed and C slow.
So here we are.
We have Nick Clegg firing twice inside this class.
And let me commend the purpose of this file.
So I am using control plus large in like this file is for keeping track of student name fees grade and
he's been keeping class track of.
Yes.
So here we go.
I am a comment on the significance of this file.
And this stop of this right now to create a new student by initializing.
We have to create laws again.
This class is not a simple class.
This is a constructor.
So Constructor is a class basically with the same name as the.
Above plus, but it contains parameters inside it for the functioning of that program.
So inside it, I am initializing the argument says in its name and then they on the student's name doing
all of them inside the student constructor.
So, yes, inside this construct that we are going to call all the functions which were declared above
in the classes.
So yes, inside this constructor, we are going to initialize operators for the film declare declared
above this that I.D. is for I.D. This dot grid is far greater than this dog name is for the name field,
which will declare the
Soyuz are.
This operator for each thing mentioned above inside the constructor, and yes, here we are.
So let me give you a quick idea about what constructors are circumventing of what so many will require
to add a new student to the school.
This constructor will be called with the use of new keyword in Java.
The construct it is called automatically in every place, wherever we want to call it.
So let me write this to create the new student.
This constructor is called by initializing this constructor.
The constructor with the name student.
Yes.
So how do you?
So this construct that has the job of creating new stories by initializing then.
With her I.D. unnamed and agree, which is a compulsory fee for every new student to be admitted in
the school.